docs: replace grafana-agent with opentelemetry-collector (#258)
canonical/observability-stack: docs/explanation/telemetry/telemetry-collection.md

Logs are usually saved to file or printed to `stdout`. They are gathered via a **push** mechanism.

Some workloads support pushing their logs directly to Loki; when that’s not possible, a charmed workload has two possible approaches: use something else to gather the log files (OpenTelemetry Collector), or use [Pebble log forwarding](https://charmhub.io/loki-k8s/docs/pebble-log-forwarding) to send the `stdout` logs.

In practice, when you `juju relate` something to Loki (or OpenTelemetry Collector) over `loki_push_api`, it’s automatically configured to send logs from the _observed workload_ as they are generated.

## Traces

Traces are typically generated in the observed system(s). They are sent from the system over a **push** mechanism and stitched together in the tracing backend to show the full flow of a specific action among multiple systems. Applications are often _instrumented_ using an instrumentation library to generate traces. Many workloads and frameworks already contain the tracing instrumentation.

> There are several formats in which traces can be sent. Our collectors such as OpenTelemetry Collector receive traces in most major formats and send them further to [Charmed Tempo](https://discourse.charmhub.io/t/charmed-tempo-ha/15531). Charms are often responsible for passing the address of the tracing receiver to the workload configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several formats in which traces can be sent. Our collectors such as OpenTelemetry Collector receive traces in most major formats and forwards them to [Charmed Tempo](https://discourse.charmhub.io/t/charmed-tempo-ha/15531). Charms are often responsible for passing the address of the tracing receiver to the workload configuration.
```
